feat: add bulk download of all credentials in a course (#7)
eduNEXT/platform-plugin-elm-credentials: README.rst

  - ``access_token``: Access token of the user. You must use this token in the
    ``Authorization`` header of the requests to the API.

Finally, you are ready to use the API. You must take into account that only

> users with ``staff`` role can use the API. The next endpoint are available:

Reviewer: course staff role or Django staff?

Author: Django staff, course staff, and course instructor role. I updated it

- GET ``/<lms_host>/platform-plugin-elm-credentials/<course_id>/api/credential-builder/``:
  Generate a JSON/ZIP file with the credential(s) in ELMv3 format.

  **Path parameters**

  - **course_id (Required)**: ID of the course.

  **Query parameters**

  - **username (Optional)**: The username of the learner to generate the

>     credential for. If it is not provided, all the learners who have completed
>     the course will be used to generate the credentials. By default, it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    credential for. If it is not provided, all the learners who have a certificate will be used to generate the credentials. By default, it is
```
